# Git Practice

https://uptointerpretation.com/posts/cs-is-not-programming/

This is a blog article written by Nicholas Yang, a class of 2021 NYU alum. I'm a pretty big fan of his writing, especially his career advice and software takes. While he was an undergrad, he ran a blog for an NYU club called [Burn Rate](https://blog.torchnyu.com/), where he published some semi-controversial articles such as [GOTO NYU CS Considered Harmful](https://blog.torchnyu.com/2020/11/12/goto-nyu-cs-considered-harmful.html) and [Intellectual Ambition](https://blog.torchnyu.com/2020/12/10/intellectual-ambition.html), which I recommend checking out.

This article stood out to me because it challenges the way many universities treat the phrase “CS is not programming.” While it’s true that computer science is broader than just writing code, this mindset has led to a gap where students are often left to teach themselves how to actually program. I liked his point that programming can be a powerful way to learn core CS concepts and could help make the field more accessible. This class feels like it's designed to address this issue by explicitly teaching students software engineering practices and preparing them for the real world (if they choose to become a software engineer).

@wc2184: I thank you for sharing this article by an NYU alum. He has many interesting posts and good advice for me as an undergrad CS major at NYU. Regarding the article, I really enjoyed his sensible opinion about how programming should be emphasized over academic theoretical computer science. The vast majority of CS majors are not going into research but wish to work with software and code, and therefore the curriculum and professors should really align with this need. And likewise I agree that Prof. Bloomberg's classes are ultimately the classes we need at NYU to fill this gap. Other solid elective classes in NYU are Applied Internet Technology and Intro to Web Design (also taught by Prof. Bloomberg) for learning practical programming.

---
### Comment by Amira Adum (amiraadum)
Thank you for sharing this artricle with us! I find it really interesting that this NYU alum is open and able to talk about this concern that may bring the same frustration to others pursuing a CS career. I think he brings up really good points about how CS and Software Engineering should be split up but also recognizes that one should not live without the other. 
This is a very important topic for conversation and I'm sure many students would like to speak about it as he does! I also find particularly interesting how he expresses his argument that if the two majors were to split up, some people will stay in CS just due to the fact that its complexity makes it feel more prestigious, and I think this rationale lives up for so many more areas/courses and career paths far beyond tech.